- [Instructor] So now let's go set up a Eureka server
so we can achieve service discovery
within our little system.
Just like we did with config-server,
let's jump back into our project,
and we'll create a new module.
Again, use whatever version you want to,
whether it's your IDE or start.spring.io
or just manually building the pom.
That's all up to you.
We're going to set the group name in this example
to be com.frankmoley.lil.
We're going to name this artifact eureka-server.
We want to set our Java version to be 11.
And in this case,
the only thing that we need to bring in
is discovery Eureka Server.
Go ahead and hit next.
Accept its location.
And we'll allow Maven to do all of its downloads.
So now that Maven's downloaded all of our dependencies,
let's open up a Eureka server
and we are going to go to src/main/java
and open up our application class,
and we're going to annotate this class
with @EnableEurekaServer.
And we will now open up our src/main/resources
and our application properties.
So generally Eureka runs at a specific port,
and we're going to go ahead and make sure
that that's where our Spring Boot application runs.
It just makes things a little bit easier.
So we're going to run this at 8761,
and we are going to set our Eureka client register.
I'm going to set it equal to false.
So we don't want to register this system
with the server itself.
That doesn't necessarily make sense.
And we're also going to have this fetch the registry
equal to false, as well.
We don't need to do pulling operations in this case.
So we're going to push everything to the service.
We're not going to have the service pull back out.
And that's all there is to it.
We can now go ahead and start up Eureka.
So I'm going to go back to my nice little console tool here
and again run the main application.
Do it whichever way makes sense for you.
I'm going to start this application up.
All right, now that Eureka is up and running,
you may have seen a few warnings pop in the console.
That's actually normal
considering the mode that we're running this in.
But what I want you to do is go to the Eureka console.
So you'll notice that we're running on 8761.
So let's jump over to a web browser
and we will go to localhost:8761,
and you'll see that Eureka loads up
with a really nice web application,
and this lets us know a lot of the details
about our system.
We can see the environment we're running in,
the data center, what replicas we're running.
This becomes very important in a production system.
And you'll see that we have
no instances currently registered
'cause we didn't register ourself,
which is what was expected.
And then some of the basic details about the system
and the replica itself.
What we really are going to concern ourselves with
right now, though,
is the instance that's currently registered with Eureka,
and we're going to get to that next.